README.md, before:

# PHP SDK for MarketData.app

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/marketdataapp/marketdataapp-sdk-php.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/marketdataapp/marketdataapp-sdk-php)
[![Tests](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/marketdataapp/marketdataapp-sdk-php/run-tests.yml?branch=main&label=tests&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/marketdataapp/marketdataapp-sdk-php/actions/workflows/run-tests.yml)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/marketdataapp/marketdataapp-sdk-php.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/marketdataapp/marketdataapp-sdk-php)

This is where your description should go. Try and limit it to a paragraph or two. Consider adding a small example.

## Support us

[<img src="https://github-ads.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/marketdataapp-sdk-php.jpg?t=1" width="419px" />](https://spatie.be/github-ad-click/marketdataapp-sdk-php)

We invest a lot of resources into creating [best in class open source packages](https://spatie.be/open-source). You can support us by [buying one of our paid products](https://spatie.be/open-source/support-us).

We highly appreciate you sending us a postcard from your hometown, mentioning which of our package(s) you are using. You'll find our address on [our contact page](https://spatie.be/about-us). We publish all received postcards on [our virtual postcard wall](https://spatie.be/open-source/postcards).

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
composer require marketdataapp/marketdataapp-sdk-php
```

## Usage

```php
$skeleton = new MarketDataApp\Client();
echo $skeleton->echoPhrase('Hello, MarketDataApp!');
```

## Testing

```bash
composer test
```

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/spatie/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Security Vulnerabilities

Please review [our security policy](../../security/policy) on how to report security vulnerabilities.

## Credits

- [KerryJones](https://github.com/KerryJones)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

Commit message:

Update ReadMe and some basic package information

README.md, after:

# PHP SDK for MarketData.app

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/kerryjones/marketdataapp-sdk-php.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/kerryjones/marketdataapp-sdk-php)
[![Tests](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/kerryjones/marketdataapp-sdk-php/run-tests.yml?branch=main&label=tests&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/kerryjones/marketdataapp-sdk-php/actions/workflows/run-tests.yml)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/kerryjones/marketdataapp-sdk-php.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/kerryjones/marketdataapp-sdk-php)

This is an unofficial PHP SDK for Market Data. It provides developers with a powerful, easy-to-use interface to obtain
real-time and historical financial data. Ideal for building financial applications, trading bots, and investment
strategies.

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
composer require kerryjones/marketdataapp-sdk-php
```

## Usage

```php
$client = new MarketDataApp\Client();
$quote = $client->indicies->quote('AAPL');
```

## Testing

```bash
./vendor/bin/phpunit tests
```

## Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Credits

- [KerryJones](https://github.com/KerryJones)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.
